# angular5

 **Getting Started**1 	We'll start our first angular application, but of course we didn't fully understand what we did there, So that's why in the next lecture we'are going to dive into **The Basics**2 of Angular	What are components and what did we do there with this two way data binding and how does that all work. This section will answer it and will take a very detailed look at it and we'll also explain how all these files you saw in your project are connected to each other. Well then we'are going to look at **Components & Databinding**3 two important key features and we actually saw both already in our first application angular apps are built up from components and data binding is simply how you output data in your DOM or as you will also learn react to user events. Angular has another key feature called **Directives**4 ng-model which we use to have to a data binding actually as such a directive and you will learn more about the built in directives in this section and also very important build your own directives nice little helpers instructions.You can place in your templates in your HTML CODE which will then do something at runtime depending on the commands you wrote and they'are well and after having a look at **Services & Dependency Injection**5 A core feature of Angular which makes it really easy for you to have a different pieces in your app communicate with each other to centralize code and really to manage the state of your application. Once we're finished with that it's time to have a look at **Routing**6 because thus far we will only have been on one page. Well we're always on one page since it's a single page application. But to the user it really looked like one page with routing we introduced a management of different URL suited to the user. Its look like we're switching pages even though technically we will still remain on that single page. And routing shows you how it works.
 Then it's time to have a look at **Observables**7 something which will make more sense once you're been to the routing section. It is a concept allowing you to work with asynchronous code angular embraces it. It's really powerful and this section explain how it works. Then we'll have a look at **Forms**8 because handing forms handling user input is a key task of almost any application. After we done with Form, We're going to have a look at **Pipes**9 and modernized future which makes it easy for you to transform the output, So what you display on the template at runtime. Well we are near of the end not before the look at the **Http**10 . What if you need to reach out to a  web server? What if you need to store some data in a database? Angular can't connect to a database directly but it can connect to a server. Thereafter we'll have a look at **Authentication**11 What does authentication mean in an angular application? How does it work and what's we're added. Let's simply implement it in an application then we're going to have a look at some **Optimizations & NgModules**12 we can put into place and how we can manage different modules in our application. Something you will really understand once we are at this point and then we're going to **deploy**13 an Application from our local machine to a place in the internet where we can view it. Finally we are going to look at Animations & Testing and besides that for whole course we'are going to put a real project putting all these things.  
  

